at that time like that just to talk about particular agreements
but this time it's done
because it's necessary been canceled then we did not go there
is
yesterday 8 pc
the places to go forward especially
upon arrival yes there will be an increase in seizures
I also worked on the historical tourist map and if paris
section
he also specified recommended paris match
and for good reason
because she knew and gec 6 years
the corn
so that's it
the higher cost the one who decides to sousse
hillary clinton if there is any need to crack down on the rating agencies you have
this is the fault of sitting style
the safest
yet all these are his opponents it would be difficult
m
d place
a check in
- hadji
thank you
she
j
- 400
calm down
a record
me
-30-
- oh my god 2
he intervenes on time
the
jade
valence
m
she
- jalal al-gallal
lee
we
justice
4 justice
la France
justice
vincent
Freche
j -f
after
fyfe
I am
make
Florence
the atmosphere
ap
germany
the draw is deserved
crisis
eu
lol
the Republic
lille